feat: add v1.0 upgrade instructions (#1077)
axelarnetwork/axelar-docs: src/pages/resources/testnet/upgrades/v1.0.mdx

# Testnet upgrade: v1.0.1

import { Callout } from '/src/components/callout'

## About the v1.0.1 upgrade

This release finalizes initial support for [Amplifier](/dev/amplifier/introduction).

Changes since 0.35.x:
- Various fixes that improve stability
- New queries in the axelarnet module to query the IBC path for a chain and the chain by IBC path
- Added a new message type “BatchRequest”. In contrast to cosmos default behaviour, where the entire tx gets rolled back if there is an error in any of the contained message executions, this batch only rolls back the state for the specific messages that fail and keeps the rest
- Allow refundable messages to be batched
- Correctly pass message IDs between core and the new amplifier
- Add functionality to quickly (de)activate the connection between core and amplifier in case of emergencies

See all the changes in the [`axelar-core` release notes](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/axelar-core/releases).

> Upgrade height `14625900` [countdown](https://www.mintscan.io/axelar-testnet/block/14625900)

Reviewer: mention upgrade approximate date/time explicitly

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
As of v1.0.0, the `axelard` [binary releases](https://github.com/axelarnetwork/axelar-core/releases) require `GLIBC_2.34`, which is not present on Ubuntu 20.04.

You will need to compile `axelard` from source, or upgrade to Ubuntu 22.04.
</Callout>

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
  If using the community node setup scripts, please update to the latest commit on `main` first.
  `wasmvm` lib will be auto-downloaded to `$AXELARD_HOME/lib` but you'll need to add it to `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` before running the script.
</Callout>

> 1. If you're a validator or have delegated to one, please vote for the upgrade proposal via

Reviewer: proposal has already passed
```suggestion
1. If you're a validator or have delegated to one, you can vote for the upgrade proposal, while it's active, via
```
